DOCSP-28834 release notes 1.3 (#124)
mongodb/docs-cluster-to-cluster-sync: source/release-notes/1.3.txt

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

.. note::

   Upcoming.

New Features
-------------

Capped Collections
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Starting in 1.3.0, {+c2c-product-name+} supports :ref:`capped
collections <manual-capped-collection>`. For more information, see
:ref:`c2c-capped-collections`.

Disable Index Builds
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Starting in 1.3.0, {+c2c-product-name+} supports disabling non-essential
index builds on the destination cluster.  This can improve migration 
performance, especially with index heavy workloads.

For more information, see :ref:`c2c-api-start`.

Progress Output
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Starting in 1.3.0, {+c2c-product-name+} includes the ``mongosyncID`` and
``coordinatorID`` in the :ref:`c2c-api-progress` response documents.  This
helps determine whether the ``mongosync`` instance is serving as a coordinator.

Bug Fixes
----------

> * Sync cluster collections on replica sets fail to copy all documents to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Syncing clustered collections on replica sets fails to copy all documents to the
```

>   destination cluster (:issue:`REP-1479`)

Reviewer: Isn't the issue (REP-1479) internal?

Author: @rohshar, Not sure off hand.  I can cut the link if you don't want it there.

Reviewer: Yeah I would just rephrase the whole statement to say:

"Fixes a bug that could cause ``mongosync`` to not copy some documents to the destination cluster for clustered collections on replica sets."

Author: Fixed
